and then I'm going to show you how to do
this turbo doll for is very simple
they just need very materials
singles and course of the video I'm going
to show how it's good we'll see
how it is done
today friends we are going to catch a ball of
orange dough
and we are going to give it this form
of his snail and the ball of
restrict blue
we put it
this would be
now
let's look
the eyes
let's catch
if we are going to eat 2
portion quotes from
more orange and we are going to put them
and add them
by a
let's take blue clay I say
white
and we are going to put
a
on each side but let's
this
we carry
to make the eyelids
we do the bodies
with another little bit more
we are doing it
a eyelids and mass
blue
A) Yes
we put in the eye
still like that
and with black
that makes you
tip
and white clay and it makes
sudden
already
they put us
your eye like that and let's make the other one of the
same way
as we s
we take
and one
ready friends you have to make a bandit
here white and make it a 5
after that we have to do this
fourth two parts a part more straight and
do two things here with 5
we are all going to proceed to color
hunch
yes
and let's go now
ready friends now that we have the
two this we have to do then a 5 and
5 for these two sides
already afterwards as
of red color let's make a band-aid
and let's go
to put them on
to these sides
we're just going to put it down here
it's going to be a Band-Aid and we're going
do
and two others
A) Yes
on this side
and the other
to another
Clear
or yes
more than giving
now we put him
the shell to this
and let's make needle
we show it well
Excuse your warm
the base we put it
Y
A) Yes
is our turbo
already with a
with a more determined smile
and that's how they subscribe, I know
and see you in the next tutorial